.TH mpiBatch 1 "September 30 2003"

.SH NAME
mpiBatch - Combines a series of shell commands into a single parallel job

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mpiBatch
.I cmdFile

.SH DESCRIPTION
This is a MPI utility that will read a list of shell commands 
and execute each command on a different processor.  The list of 
shell commands is given to the program by way of the 
.I cmdFile. 
Each MPI task will invoke a shell and execute a unique line
in the command file.  Empty lines, and lines which begin with 
the character "#" will be ignored.  If there are more commands 
than MPI tasks, then only the first commands will be executed.  
If there are fewer commands than MPI tasks the some processors
will be idle.  

It is important to note, that for proper load balancing 
each command in the file should take approximately the same amount 
of execution time, as none of the CPU resources will be freed
up until all of the tasks have completed.  

The standard output of each of the tasks is piped to a file 
which has the following naming convention:
.I cmdFile_taskID.log
where 
.I cmdFile
is the name of the command file, and taskID is the rank of the 
MPI task which executes the comand.  


.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2003  Christopher M. Cantalupo
.PP
mpiBatch is free software; you can redistribute them and/or modify
them under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.  
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of 
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the 
GNU General Public License for more details.  
.PP
Christopher Cantalupo <cmc@nersc.gov>
.PP
Send bug reports or comments to the above address.
